Remove spacing from form fields (#2857)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/new-buses-wave.md

---
"@comet/admin": patch
---

> Fix: Remove padding right from form fields without an endAdornment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove right padding from form fields without an end adornment
```
